Somebody take this maniac down
Hey, Mr. Shen
He's the one who keeps the company safe
How can I take him down?
It can be seen that you are really not suitable to take over the chairpersonship
Invite Director Shen to take over
That's not good.
Happy comrade
Never eat snow
Look at second uncle, what do you mean?
You know it's not legal
Isn't that what everyone meant?
It's just what everyone wants
What are you doing?
I have something to do with Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen is holding a very important meeting now
Don't interrupt important meetings
Then I'm in charge of security
You should have gone in
Stop and exit
Otherwise, you're welcome.
You're welcome. Try it. Just try it.
Be good and you won't get beaten